All you can do is your best!
Remember how lucky you are!
Keep smiling!
When you're happy you can make others happy.
You appreciate good people and places.
You never stop smiling.
You are prepared for anything; you always have snacks. 
Olivia Larsen: Happy birthday my most delightful co <3
Emmy Maluf: Happy birthday Hannah!! Love you so much and hope you had the best day!! ;p so thankful for M3 <3
Lucy Chin: OMG, hbd dood. Since I can't give you a physical present get psyched for an email update tonight (slash the next time you have internet). Can't wait to see you so soon and hope you have the most wonderous time with your family. I love you so, so much and am glad that one of us has hit 21. Finally. <3
Simon Holzer: Hannah! Happy birthday! I hope you've had a wonderful day, and can't wait to see you next time we're both home :)
Katie Bennett: happy happy happy birthday Hannah!!!! i hope it was as delightful as you are :)
Louisa Lee: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH!! can't wait to celebrate tomorrow
Lawrence Luo: happy birthday hannah! Hope you're having a lovely Thanksgiving as well!
Briar McQuilkin: Happy Birthday Hannah!! I miss you hope you have an amazing day can't wait to see you soonish!
Lindsey Vandergrift: Happy Birthday 21st Han!!!! I'm so thankful for your beautiful soul, so don't ever change smile emoticon Enjoy your family and don't forget to have a drink on this big day of 21!
Emma Chessen: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH! can't believe you hit the big 2-1! hope you're having a fantastic birthday and thanksgiving (with lots of yummy things to eat)! miss you tons and hope to be reunited back in DC soon! love you! xoxoxox
Helena Barber: HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU SHINING STAR!! I hope you have the most wonderful day full of farm fresh organic food (cooked by Lloyd)! Miss ya more than all the granola and sweet potatoes in the world!
Patty Friedman: So thankful to be together for Thanksgiving.  Thanks to all of our friends and family!   Happy Birthday, Hannah Levin!! (cute pic of all 3 of you together)
Manami Diaz: Happy happy birthday, Hannah! I love you so much. I love our cuddles and late night chats! Have a wonderful birthday. <3<3
Meghana Vunamadala: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH!!! I love you so much and I hope you have the most wonderful day!!! I couldn't have imagined this year without you as one of my closest friends!!
Hannah Levin: Just spent the last 45 minutes reading the pages on pages on pages of notes from Mills 3.  Only the best Co and the best Frosh could figure out how to make my birthday this amazing without even being with me. You guys are unreal.  ‪#‎mills3forever
Ariel Levin: Can you believe this creature is going to be 21 tomorrow???? Have a thanksgiving drink for Hannah tomorrow, everyone.
Lucy Chin: HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY to the most amazing friend/mom a girl could have. you've always been there with snack options, water, chapstick, and cough drops when i've needed them and i can't imagine the past eight years without ya! thank god for sixth grade choras, sga, and comparative religion with dr. kerin. here is to twenty more years of fabulous adventures <3
Emma Chessen: Ahhhhhh I suck being late for your birthday! Been baking pies all day!  Anyway, I miss you so much and a huge happy birthday (to one of the most CARING people I know)! Hope your day and thanksgiving are amazing and I can't wait to see you in a few weeks! Love you han!
Abby Morss: Happy birthday to the best roommate ever!!! Love you so much. And Happy Hanukkah too of course!
Emma Thayer: oh my god what. HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY!!! so so sorry i missed it!!! hope it was amazing and as incredible as you!! love you!! 
Briar McQuilkin: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH I HOPE YOU HAVE THE MOST AMAZING DAY I LOVE YOU!!!
Molly Leonard: Happy Birthday, Hannah! Hope you have such a wonderful day 
Emily Hoyt: Happy Birthday Hannah!! I hope you have a wonderful break and a great day! Love you lifting buddy!
Catherina Leipold: Happy 20th to the bestest of friends! So sad I can't celebrate with you today, but winter break will be here before we know it. Thanks for always being there since first grade Broadway Babies, and for a fabulous 14 years of friendship. Love ya!!! <3
Saga Melander: HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAHH!!! youre 20 which is a  big bday here in sweden cause you can go to systembolaget (pretty sweet store hehehe)  which means an obligatory visit here soon!! grin emoticon but first dc and i cant wait to see you!!! hope youre day is amazing!
Katie Yensen: HANNAH LEVIN!!!!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I miss you so much! Have a spectacular birthday, a great thanksgiving break, and a happy Hanukkah!!!! So much to celebrate!
Katie Carden: LOVE YOU heart emoticon can't wait to see this beautiful face over winter break!! Hope you had the best 19th, can't wait to celebrate back in the hood!!
Katie Yensen: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I miss you tons and I hope your birthday is awesome smile emoticon We will catch up over winter break! I can't wait to hear about everything at Williams!!!! 
Brianna Nielsen: hansi pansi!!!!!!! miss you so much girl. hope you have a great birthday!! love you! 
Morgan Powell: IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY...GO BANANAS! teehee. I hope you have a wonderful day. I can't wait to see you over Winter Break!
Lucy Chin:  I'm a day late and I think by now it is the 28th state side too, but just wanted to let you know that I celebrated your birthday Australia style - lots of volunteering, lolz - and miss you shit tons. Can't wait to see you in just a couple of weeks!! EEEEE! AND hope you celebrated hardcore. LOVE YOU and MISS YOU smile emoticon HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Susannah Wilson: HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MY LOVELY. I hope you have a fantastic, fantastic time of it. Love you much! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztoSUhbNntQ
Maddie Basil: Happy birthday hannah!!!! i hope you are having a great semester and I agree that we must have a reunion soon!
Aidan Hennessey: Happy Birthday Hannah!! Hope ur having an awesome time at Williams!!
Brenna McManus: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH!! heart emoticon hope school is good, miss you and our ceramics talks hahah have an awesome day!
Abby Morss: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lindsey Vandergrift: Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy Birthdaaaaaaaaaay, my dearest Hannah
Saga Melander: HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!! Hope you have an amazing day. I miss you so much! Update me about college plzz 
Louisa Lee: HAPPY BIRTHDAY ;LKJADF;LKGJAD;FLGKJA;LDFKGJA;LDFKGJA;LDKFJGL;ADFKGJ;ALKDFJG;LAKDFJGLAKDFJLAKFDJB;LAKFDMB;LKZV;LAKDF;LKADFVLADFVCV/LKSDVNLCPJKLSDFLKN
Emma Chessen: happy birthday han! miss you a TON! can't wait to see you soon. hope you have an amazing day and i love youuuuu!
Mai and Barbs: HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH!! Hope you have a lovely day, love you!!!
Helena Barber: Hannah!! Happy Birthday! Love ya so much so here's a collage of some of our best selfies! (selfie pics)
Catherina Leipold: Hello world, it's my best friend's birthday!!! Love and miss you so much, Han! Four months is too long frown emoticon xoxoxo
