Just a few years ago, your dream was to BE RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE NOW. Past you is proud of you.
Text a person who loves you. They'll prove it with their response.
Give gifts to yourself: sleep, happiness, TV. And give gifts to your future self.
Remember that time you won your anatomy class breath holding contest? That was amazing!
You are really and truly a generous, giving human being.
Keep your confidence always! Be sure of yourself! You're worth it.
"Fame is a vapor, popularity an accident, and riches take flight. Only one thing endures and that is character" -Horace Greeley
You are fun and funny and positive and happy AND it's okay if you don't feel that way all the time. It is not your role to never be a burden to anyone.
IT IS NOT YOUR JOB TO NEVER BE A BURDEN TO ANYONE.
You are driven, reliable, and you keep commitments.
"Olivia Larsen, you are so much like Liz Lemon. I love it!" -Mrs. Young
One time, Kevin drunkenly said you were the funniest person he knew and then you made him verify it when he was sober and he did.
Remember when Claire said you were her best friend because of your Harry Potter ring?
Grace showed her love by texting me even when she didn't want to (because she never wants to text).
Bill's faith in you.
Your family is proud of you. They know you're determined, smart, and that you'll accomplish what you set your mind to.
Will likes your more than he likes subway, skipping court, alone time, lost, 5pm basketball, gatorade chews, van #9, vodka with Yoohoo, and the Office.
Mrs. Young says Dad poem makes her heart hurt in all the right places. "You are so talented."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IRdw_Qgwqc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Lp5a-r3MJU
One of your favorite comedians is an Oscar-winner named Jim Rash. Jim. Rash. GYM RASH.
Go read a poem from your list on your computer.
Hey. Think about the good you do. Think about Suspended Groceries, Juvenile Empowerment, effective altruism. You are lucky and kind to absolutely love doing things that help other people. You take advantage of your IMMENSE privilege to do good. And you deserve thanks for that.
“Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
“When we give ourselves permission to fail, we, at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel.” - Eloise Rista
Go look at the letter Billy Collins sent you.
"I'm not sure if I'll see you tomorrow." "Oh, I'll make you see me tomorrow. SEE YOU TOMORROW" --> cousin love
Emily Hoyt: I wanted to share this even though I am very belated-- HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! you always know how to pick me up when I am down and how to snap me out of silly things I get caught up in. you are one of the most genuinely caring, motivated, bright, generous, and thoughtful people I have ever met, and I am so so lucky to have you. have a wonderful and relaxing break with your family and tell your parents I say hi
Jamie: Happy birthday you raging whore!!! (Bringing it back (wink emoticon) ) love you so much
Becca Rogers: Okay this one is for real –– Paula the Weasel, Sirius Black, Shelby the Blast-Ended Skrewt, Alessandro, the Bathroom Nazi, Mr. Carlson the dentist, Laura (from Mt. Kenya Academy), Jill Stein, and I would like to wish you a Happy Birthday!!!!!  Love you!
Jennie Bass: okay firstly HAPPYYYY BIRTHDAY!! and secondly, today i was on facebook and on my home page this one girls status was "i honesly could care less about you" blah blah blah the works, but i really wanted to comment and be like "maybe they dnt like you because of your bad grammar"  but i didnt haha but honestly tho, its "i couldn't care less"get it right please 
Lauren Bolhack: Sooo i aleady said Happy Birthday once.... but i feel the need to say it again... OMG i just got bit by a spider!!!!! sdfhakljfhvalkghakfgh i.hate.spiders. ANYWAYS... i love you to death and miss latin class with you.. and becca of course... this is random but remeber that time she thought her permant marker was an expo and was like "be carefully, it is really hard to get off" hahahaha so funny. I hope you had the bestis birthday evaaa, which you should have because you got that sick bug and had no finals. So pretty much to sum it up: i love you, i miss you, happy birthday  xoxoxxoxoooxoxxo
Jennie Bass: "fml.. math is my enemy" "agreed" "you know the best way to get rid of an enemy? MAKE THEN YOUR FRIEND -abe lincoln" "make math my friend... NEVER" "i know, i was using that to show you that... abe lincoln is not a cool dude" "maybe thats why he got shot" "GO boothy!" haha smile emoticon love u
Maia Sacca-Schaefer: HAPPY BIRTHDAY OLIVIA!!!!! Hope you have a fantastic day full of McAdams articles. You are da best 
Bill: You're one of the 3-4 people at williams that I think pushes themselves to be fully engaged in their work and making the world a better place. You were the critical piece to our independent study, as you were to kinetic chairing-- stepping up when others stepped down, making critical decisions, and keeping an upbeat attitude when others felt down. I've never felt strife co-leading things with you, which I can tell you is not something I say lightly/ feel about almost all the other people I've led things with. Your work ethic is inspiring and I hope (and know) that we'll be working on projects together in the near future. I look forward to it! You're a light for others and you add to their lives even when you don't see it. You've already done incredible things and the world is your oyster
Katie Bishop: HAPPY BIRTHDAY OLIVIA ROSE LARSEN!!! ahhhhhhh i hope you have the best day in the entire world because you deserve it!! i love and miss you soooo much and we really need to start talking all of the time again so you can update me on your life heart emoticon heart emoticon ps your prof pic is adorable as well
Lauren Bolhack: So even though it isn't 12 in Tucson.... its 1 over here SO HAPPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!! We should party it up when I get home in 3 days. Hope you have an amazing bday!!! love you!! 
